Multi-fidelity surrogate models (#721)
emdgroup/baybe: CHANGELOG.md

  `BayesianRecommender`
- `Parameter.is_equivalent` method for structural parameter comparison
- `CategoricalFidelityParameter` and `NumericalDiscreteFidelityParameter` classes
- Multi-fidelity support in `GaussianProcessSurrogate`: categorical fidelity via

>   ICM/index kernels and numerical discrete fidelity via BoTorch's

Reviewer: what is the difference between ICM/index?

Reviewer 2: Index kernels are more general afaik - e.g. the kernel that is actually used within the botorch model is formally an "index kernel", and an ICM kernel is another variant of the class of "index kernels". But as long as we do not have this other class explicitly in the code base, this disctinction is not relevant and I will simplify this.

Reviewer 2: For clarity, I removed the "index" for now in df8574f36bc79c4a26f5a5234b7c1cf5e7fd9d85

Reviewer: Fine for me, but now you have a strange mixed style. I think it needs to be either "ICM kernels" or referencing the actual class, but not "ICMkernels"

Reviewer 2: What do you mean? The CHANGELOG says "ICM/index kernels" which exactly resolves to "ICM kernels" (at least the way that I understandt the use of the slash), and I do not see "ICMkernels" anywhere? Can you elaborate?

Reviewer: <img width="620" height="88" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ad444688-98dd-4ecb-aa19-d2045dc40a75" />

Reviewer 2: Seems like I was looking at some weird or outdated variant. Changelog entries have now been consolidated in 12288281ca958d6f08b5b7f657fb0158297cb2b7, hence resolving

  `None`, meaning "auto-select based on context at fit time". Accessing a field
  before fitting may return `None` instead of a concrete factory.

### Deprecations
- The `task_kernel_or_factory` argument of `ICMKernelFactory` has been renamed to

>   `index_kernel_or_factory` since it now also carries fidelity indices.

Reviewer: no full stops for single sentences
```suggestion
- The `task_kernel_or_factory` argument of `ICMKernelFactory` has been renamed to
  `index_kernel_or_factory` since it now also supports multi-fidelity modeling
```

  `None`, meaning "auto-select based on context at fit time". Accessing a field
  before fitting may return `None` instead of a concrete factory.

### Deprecations
- The `task_kernel_or_factory` argument of `ICMKernelFactory` has been renamed to

>   `index_kernel_or_factory` since it now also carries fidelity indices. The old name is

Reviewer 3: The last sentence `The old...` is obsolete as this is always implied when something is listed under `Deprecations`

Reviewer 2: Changed: 9dbafe087c6ef04c2a8ba1d0fb3e625009d170a3
